Pathing tweaks 4 (#9820)
newrelic/docs-website: src/content/docs/alerts-applied-intelligence/new-relic-alerts/alert-conditions/create-nrql-alert-conditions.mdx

/>

<figcaption>

>   Go to **[one.newrelic.com](https://one.newrelic.com) > Alerts & AI > Alert conditions (Policies) > (select ) > hen **Add a condition**. Loss of signal is only available for NRQL conditions.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  Go to **[one.newrelic.com](https://one.newrelic.com) > Alerts & AI > Alert conditions (Policies) > (select a policy) > then **Add a condition**. Loss of signal is only available for NRQL conditions.
```
